👤 About Me:
My name is Mohamed Malaz Mujarkish. I was born in Damascus, Syria, the oldest capital in the world, but I had to sadly leave my home country to go to Egypt at the age of 2 because of the civil war. Growing up as a refugee wasn't easy, and I dealt with more then 8 years of bullying. Honestly, I’m extremely grateful it happened. It shaped my character and gave me a perspective that others don't always have. But sadly its not all sunshine, It can feel isolating to think differently than everyone else, but I’ve learned to use that curse as a strength.

By the time I was 14, I wasn't interested in games like most kids my age. I was busy looking at buildings and towns, trying to figure out why some were better to buy or invest in than others. I’ve always been the type to ask a question and then to answer them. Since the age of 14, I’ve followed a strict 70/30 rule for my money: 70% goes into profit/investments an example is saving up for a bulding or buying gold and the other 30% goes to backup or spending account. This rule applies to anything over 100 EGP; anything less goes straight to the 30% spending. I believe this kind of financial discipline is precisely what is needed for a career in real estate and investment.

I’m personally choosing Glasgow because of the incredible connections and learning opportunities. I’m impressed by how strict and fair the university is with its hiring process, and Im very fond of the campus architecture and heritage. Beyond the academics, I really value the support you give students from free therapy for mental health to gym access for staying in shape. You make sure your students are doing well no matter what the situation is or what it could be, and that’s the kind of environment I personally want to be in.

I hope you got a deeper understanding of my character and how I operate and solve problems. If you want a student whose focus is on the future and does not follow the crowd, then sign me up; if not, then I might not be the one for you.
